[Music]
how's this dude still alive he's not a
dude
neuro dude this is a man by Handsome
wash car man unless car here we're on
the set of Avengers I've been lucky
enough along with other guardians of the
galaxy to join up with the Avengers and
be here and get an opportunity to save
the world you make you an Avenger now as
well I don't know maybe like a third
string of n-draft was one of the
founding members yeah thank you he's
huge you know out of all the people that
I've had the good fortune to work with
these two particular guys and the
triumvirate that we formed together
it's very special friendship and
decade-plus of time together yeah
[Applause]
it's been this witnessing of like
people's lives growing and changing it's
been a really cool experience working
with Lizzy has been really really
awesome and I think there is something
very powerful about being able to play
women who do heroic things and those
women are so awesome so we've had a
really good time
hanging out with everyone on the set is
one of the best parts of this job
actually because it does have this kind
of large extended family feel I had a
bit of a bucket is someone worth
practice I thought he'd be good fun I'm
proven completely wrong in that front he
was odd Lluis and boring and not
particularly funny
well at first Blanche it's hard to know
what to make a Cumberbatch and then the
more time I spent with him on and off
set I just kind of been fated with this
guy I was thinking you know the journey
that Robert Downey jr. is made he's the
Godfather of all this there's literally
been the adventure of a lifetime I get a
little misty thinking about it so you
know I lucked out
right it
run from it
[Music]
isn't he we're gonna need some help
Eddie bitbucket not that for the end of
the world
[Music]
David don't fight for one
we fight for all of them
Avengers infinity war when you said we
were going to open what condo to the
rest of the world this is not what I
imagined both of you imagine the
Olympics maybe even if Starbucks
everywhere April 27
[Music]